TOOLS-3642 Document Security Level of TOOLS tickets (#723)
mongodb/mongo-tools: ticket-security-level.md

# Tools Tickets Security Level

This document describes the security level for Jira tickets under the
[TOOLS project](https://jira.mongodb.org/projects/TOOLS/issues). Every TOOLS ticket is by default

> viewable by public users, unless `Security Level` is set to `Mongo Internal`. Once a ticket is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
viewable by public users, unless the `Security Level` field on the ticket is set to `Mongo Internal`. Once a ticket is
```

marked as `Mongo Internal`, it cannot be viewed by external users and should be excluded from the

> [changelog](CHANGELOG.md) after every release. This document outlines what tickets should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[changelog](CHANGELOG.md) when it's included in a release. This document describes which tickets should be
```

internal vs external.

## Investigation of HELP Tickets

> TOOLS investigation ticket of HELP tickets are created with full ticket description from the HELP
> ticket, which might contain links or logs specific to customers or internal teams of MongoDB. These
> tickets are **strictly prohibited** from being accessed publicly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TOOLS investigation ticket of HELP tickets are created with a copy of the full ticket description from the HELP
ticket, which might contain links or logs specific to customers or internal teams of MongoDB. These
tickets **must always be marked as `Mongo internal`**.
```

## Internal Processes

Tickets are created for an internal process changes that is not tied with the code base should in
general be marked as internal. Examples include:

- [TOOLS-3642](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/TOOLS-3642)
- [TOOLS-3644](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/TOOLS-3644)

## Vulnerabilities

> Vulnerabilities are created as internal by default. But once they're resolved, either being
> mitigated or being marked as false positive, they should be publicly viewable following a new
> release. Our [release process](RELEASE.md) requires the release manager to mark any resolved
> vulnerability tickets as public and include them in the [changelog](CHANGELOG.md). Examples include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vulnerabilities are created as internal by default. However, once they're resolved, whether they've been fixed or marked as a false positive, they should be publicly viewable **after** the fix is released. Our [release process](RELEASE.md) requires the release manager to include them in the [changelog](CHANGELOG.md) and to update their `Security Level` to make them public after they are included in a release. Examples include:
```

> vulnerability tickets as public and include them in the [changelog](CHANGELOG.md). Examples include:

Reviewer: Actually, the release process doesn't call out changing the `Security Level` field. It just says they should be included in the changelog. Can you update the release process docs to also call out changing the field?
